various post-merge cleanup items (#8713)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining-algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/index.md

lang: en
---

> Dagger-Hashimoto was the original research implementation and specification for Ethereum's mining algorithm. Dagger-Hashimoto was superseded by [Ethash](#ethash). Mining was switched off completely at [The Merge](/updates/merge) on 15th September 2022. Since then, Ethereum has been secured using a [proof-of-stake](/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos) mechanism instead. This page is for **historical interest** - the information here is no longer relevant for present-day Ethereum!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dagger-Hashimoto was the original research implementation and specification for Ethereum's mining algorithm. Dagger-Hashimoto was superseded by [Ethash](#ethash). Mining was switched off completely at [The Merge](/updates/merge) on 15th September 2022. Since then, Ethereum has been secured using a [proof-of-stake](/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos) mechanism instead. This page is for historical interest - the information here is no longer relevant for post-Merge Ethereum.
```
